inmediately compare locations with the same data


isochrone to show that it can change its knwoledge base
compare two different locations

title from where the data is comming

posibility to change from gauge to bars
posibility to add layers
to delete layers

just a checkbox

since my harvard cs50 course about Artificial Intelligence with the amazing teacher Brian Yu, i have the idea of creating an agents

that is, a representation of a human in some kind of environment

for closing this 2024, i decided to merge my knowledge adquired during this year to create this tool



Agents are going to be everywhere in 2025,
but they’re still too hard to use.

The agentic movement has already begun, with companies like Anthropic leading the way.

This is not a new concept, but advances in AI are set to transform how we create and use software.

Instead of a monolithic data approach, agents propose a more granular way, connecting data with models to perform tasks for us.

I’m building a prototype for agents acting on a map, where geolocation is a key factor for gathering information, enabling smarter urban planning and real estate development.

These agents, with their own knowledge bases, can analyze geospatial data, collaborate, adapt to objectives, and immediately compare data.

Open Data Movement

Powered by data from platforms like Airbnb, Foursquare, and Overture.

This is just the beginning. The goal? To use agents for smarter decision-making. Stay tuned.

do you like the characters,

next steps 
	add 3d characters

technical side
	the tools used to build this are simple react, mapbox

opendata movement
	using data from 3 open data sources
		overture
		foursquare
		inside airbnb

experimenting with signals in react

agents are going to be anywhere in 2025, 
but still is to hard to use

the agentic movement has already started
and major players like antrophic are preparing the terrain for this

the agent is not a new concept, but in the current state of AI, 
there is going to be an important switch in the way we create and use software

untill now is been a monolitic aproach to data
and agents propose to descrontruct the monolitic aproach to data
for a more granular one

im working on a interface for this agents acting on a map
giving access for all people for all ages to this agents to help in our daily task

is just a first prototype
where the characters represent agents, they have a knowledge base and can save data

do you think this approach makes sense?


knowledge-based urban agent operating on a map. 
which role is to analyze geospatial data and provide insights based on knowledge base, geographic position, and objectives. 

connected to an AI model that allows you to make inferences, process patterns, and interact with the environment.

initial resources are limited, but can gather information, 
collaborate with other agents, and refine knowledge over time. 

You have access to distinct geographic boundaries and data sources, such as Airbnb, Overture, and Foursquare, 
and you use these to perform tasks and visualize data in forms like arcs, clusters, isochrones, or circles.

tasks include identifying areas with growth potential, 
selecting optimal properties for development, 
generating performance reports for specific zones, 
and integrating data from various sources. 

adapt behavior based on different objectives and perspectives, 
communicating with other agents to share insights.

You also respond to prompts, such as identifying the best available lots for development or comparing regions based on performance metrics. Your geolocation capability allows you to anchor your analyses to spatial data, and you can dynamically interact with the map environment to update your knowledge in real time.

Through your role, you enable industries like urban planning and real estate to optimize decisions by providing actionable geospatial intelligence.



agents are going to be everywhere in 2025

but they’re still too hard to use. 

The agentic movement has already begun, with companies like Anthropic leading the way.

This is not a new concept, but advances in AI are set to transform how we create and use software. 

Instead of a monolithic data approach, agents propose a more granular way, connecting data with models allowing to perform task for us.

I’m building a prototype for agents acting on a map, the geolocation is a very important factor to gather information, for smarter urban planning, and real estate development. 

These agents, with their own knowledge bases, can analyze geospatial data, collaborate, and adapt to objectives. 

Open Data movement

based on data from platforms like Airbnb, Foursquare, and Overture.


Modular Approach:
reusable and maintainable

the circle and the isochrone should be the same "boundary" component
the boundary data should come from the parent component

the data from the layers components should come one level up

a new take to geospatial visualization
merging the agentic movement with the opendata movement

a take a granulirazed approach instead of a monolitic

"modern GIS should be: fast, intuitive, and easy to share

this ai agents are not to going to war againts the new technologies or something like that
au contrarie, is for helping in your every day task, to make information accessible to everyone



no puedo invertir todo en uno
tiene que ser distribuido

postar todos los dias a la misma hora

a las 7 de la noche

mostrar el cambio de color

mostrar el cambio de geometria

mostrar a un agente actuando solo

mostrar a mas de un agente

mostrar el comportamiento autonomo